I've been left in charge of all the
children in church all grown-ups have
gone off to Sunday school and we had
this game called Giants and wizards
dwarfs
it was mostly a way to get a whole lot
of people organized to do something
really crazy and run around in circles
and fall down and forget who won and so
my instructions to the children were
very clear now you have to decide
whether you are dwarf or a giant or a
wizard and there was this all this
hubbub and there was just full of
trousers I looked down and here's this
little girl and she said excuse me where
did the mermaid stand I'm sorry I said
they're no mermaids in this store oh yes
she said I am one and it was very clear
with the grip that she had on my
trousers that she was not going away
until this issue was resolved where do
the mermaids stand she said and I
thought that no more bitch I don't know
what no there are no mermaids but she
was still holding onto my trousers and I
thought this is one of the heaviest
questions that was ever asked she knew
that she was a mermaid and she knew
there must be a place for her and
because I seemed to know what I was
doing that I would know where that place
was
where do the mermaid stand all those
people in this world who are different
or not like everyone else who don't
belong in pigeon holes and who are
determined not to give that up if you
can answer that question where do the
mermaid stand you can build a world or
universe on it what did I say Oh every
once in a while I say the right thing I
said the mermaids stand right here by
the king of the sea and she understood
that if I wanted to be the king of the
sea that was cool with her so we stood
there and in hand watching the Giants
and wizards roll by
it is not true
that mermaids do not exist I know at
least one personally I have held her
hand